Welcome to Vega Strike, a 3d OpenGL spaceflight simulator being
developed for multi-platform play.

Vega Strike allows players to explore a vastly dynamic universe where
frontiers collide and you're just a pilot trying to make ends meet. How?
That's your decision. Vega Strike is designed as a non-linear gaming
experience, where you choose what action you want to take.

Vega Strike features a dynamic trading economy, allowing your character
to operate as a merchant. Discover what trade routes bring in the most
profit, what commodities make you the most money given your ship's cargo
space limitations, accept cargo missions and learn to avoid areas of
danger (repairs eat into your profits!).

If you are tired of making money on milk runs, or want to try something
different, then there are other paths to success. Vega Strike features a
mission generator, providing multiple missions to the experienced
(and not so experienced) pilots. Engage in bounty hunting, patrols,
battles and escort missions. Feel like travelling? Explore the dynamic
universe and see the farthest reaches of known space.
Want a walk on the wild side? You could always turn pirate! Just be
prepared for the consequences.

Your ship just not doing the job you want it to? Vega Strike gives you
the ability to purchase from a wide variety of ships capable of doing
different jobs. Want to haul cargo? Fight battles? There's a ship for
you. Your ship is fully customizable, so if you've got the credit,
outfit your craft with the right tools for the job at hand.

Have a chat with the bartender or view the news broadcasts to find out
what's going on in the universe. While you're there, talk to the fixers,
they may have a job that only you can do. But be warned, you never know
where it may lead ... 

HINTS:

  - After installation run 'vssetup' and adjust the settings
    before you launch 'vegastrike'.
  - You can quit the game either by pressing ESC and then 'q'
    during flight or by clicking 'Quit Game' on a save screen.

