CBSTOOLS: The CBSTOOLS package is a set of wrappers to selected
applications from the CBS group in Denmark.

CLUSTALOMEGA: A wrapper for the clustal omega application.

DOMAINATRIX: The DOMAINATRIX programs were developed by Jon Ison and
colleagues at MRC HGMP for their protein domain research. They are
included as an EMBASSY package as a work in progress.

DOMALIGN: The DOMALIGN programs were developed by Jon Ison and
colleagues at MRC HGMP for their protein domain research. They are
included as an EMBASSY package as a work in progress.

DOMSEARCH: The DOMSEARCH programs were developed by Jon Ison and
colleagues at MRC HGMP for their protein domain research. They are
included as an EMBASSY package as a work in progress.

EMNU: The EMNU package is a simple EMBOSS menu system written by Gary
Williams at HGMP.

ESIM4: The ESIM4 package is an EMBOSS conversion of the SIM4 package
from Liliana Florea.

HMMER: A suite of application wrappers to the original hmmer v2.3.2
applications written by Sean Eddy. hmmer v2.3.2 must be installed on
the same system as EMBOSS and the location of the hmmer executables
must be defined in your path for EMBASSY HMMER to work.

IPRSCAN: The IPRSCAN package is a wrapper for the interproscan
program.

MEME: The EMBASSY MEME package contains 'wrapper' applications
providing an EMBOSS-style interface to the applications in the
original MEME package version 4.0.0 developed by Timothy L. Bailey.

MIRA: The MIRA package is a fragment assembly program from Bastien
Chevreux. The program was converted to EMBOSS by Alan Bleasby as two
applications, one for EST assembly and one for shotgun fragment
assembly

MSE: The MSE package is a multiple sequence editor. The program was
contributed to the EMBOSS package by the author, Will Gilbert, as one
of the first EMBASSY programs.

MYEMBOSS: A package for your own software developments.

MYEMBOSSDEMO: The MYEMBOSSDEMO package contains example applications
using EMBOSS data types

PHYLIPNEW: The PHYLIPNEW programs are EMBOSS conversions of the
programs in Joe Felsenstein's PHYLIP package, version 3.69.

SIGNATURE: The SIGNATURE programs were developed by Jon Ison and
colleagues at MRC HGMP for their protein domain research. They are
included as an EMBASSY package as a work in progress.

STRUCTURE: The STRUCTURE programs were developed by Jon Ison and
colleagues at MRC HGMP for their protein domain research. They are
included as an EMBASSY package as a work in progress.

TOPO: The TOPO package is a graphics program to display membrane
protein topology by Susan Jean Johns.

VIENNA: These programs are adapted from the VIENNA RNA package.
