ONScripter is a program that interprets a script written for
NScripter visual novel engine in its own way.

Please note that this is NOT onscripter-en that has seen a wide
adoption in circles translating Japanese visual novels to English;
instead it is the original source by Ogapee that onscripter-en has
been forked from. Please be advised that playing games converted for
specifically for onscripter-en using this engine may result in
unforseen consequences!

This engine by default builds only the binary capable of playing back
Japanese NScripter games. If you wish to build a binary including the
1-byte character extension support, please pass the ONSTARGET=english
variable to the build script or ONSTARGET=both if you want to have
Japanese and English interpreters installed concurrently - note this
will make build time slightly longer, though, and you may still
experience issues when playing games converted for onscripter-en.

This script may also install various tools for extracting and
converting NScripter code and resources. If you wish for them to be
built, please pass the ONSTOOLS=yes variable to the build script.

* REGARDING MP3 MUSIC MISSING *
This is an issue with Slackware not compiling SDL_mixer with support
for MP3 playback. You can fix that by downloading Slackbuild source
for l/sdl from one of the mirrors and modifying its SDL_mixer
configure section to include either --enable-music-mp3-mad-gpl or
--enable-music-mp3 - the former will use libmad already included in
Slackware, the other will use smpeg dependency from SBo we need
anyway for movie playback support.
