stress-ng will stress test a computer system in various
selectable ways. It was designed to exercise various
physical subsystems of a computer as well as the various
operating system kernel interfaces. Stress-ng features:

* Over 200 stress tests
* 70 CPU specific stress tests that exercise floating point,
  integer, bit manipulation and control flow
* Over 20 virtual memory stress tests

stress-ng was originally intended to make a machine work
hard and trip hardware issues such as thermal overruns as
well as operating system bugs that only occur when a system
is being thrashed hard. Use stress-ng with caution as some
of the tests can make a system run hot on poorly designed
hardware and also can cause excessive system thrashing which
may be difficult to stop.

stress-ng can also measure test throughput rates; this can
be useful to observe performance changes across different
operating system releases or types of hardware. However, it
has never been intended to be used as a precise benchmark
test suite, so do NOT use it in this manner.

Running stress-ng with root privileges will adjust out of
memory settings on Linux systems to make the stressors
unkillable in low memory situations, so use this
judiciously. With the apropriate privilege, stress-ng can
allow the ionice class and ionice levels to be adjusted,
again, this should be used with care.

One can specify the number of processes to invoke per type
of stress test; specifying a negative or zero value will
select the number of online processors as defined by
sysconf(_SC_NPROCESSORS_ONLN).

NOTE ON VM TESTS

Since the memory being exercised is virtually mapped then
there is no guarantee of touching page addresses  in  any
particular  physical  order.  These workers should not be
used to test that all the system's memory is working cor‚Äê
rectly either, use tools such as memtest86 instead.
