Energia is an open-source electronics prototyping platform started by
Robert Wessels in January of 2012 with the goal to bring the Wiring and
Arduino framework to the Texas Instruments MSP430 based LaunchPad.

The Energia IDE is cross platform and supported on Mac OS, Windows,
and Linux. Energia uses the mspgcc compiler by Peter Bigot and is based
on the Wiring and Arduino framework. Energia includes an integrated
development environment (IDE) that is based on Processing.

The foundation of Energia and Arduino is the Wiring framework that is
developed by Hernando Barragan. The framework is thoughtfully created
with designers and artists in mind to encourage a community where both
beginners and experts from around the world share ideas, knowledge and
their collective experience.

The Energia team adopts the philosophy of learning by doing and strives
to make it easy to work directly with the hardware. Professional
engineers, entrepreneurs, makers, and students can all benefit from the
ease of use Energia brings to the microcontroller.

Energia started out to bring the Wiring and Arduino framework to
the Texas Instruments MSP430 LaunchPad. Texas Instruments offers a
MSP430, TM4C, C2000, and CC3200 LaunchPad. The LaunchPad is a low-cost
microcontroller board that is made by Texas Instruments. The latest
release of Energia supports the majority of the LaunchPad product
offerings.

Together with Energia, LaunchPad can be used to develop interactive
objects, taking inputs from a variety of switches or sensors, and
controlling a variety of lights, motors, and other physical outputs.
LaunchPad projects can be stand-alone (only run on the Target Board,
i.e. your LaunchPad), or they can communicate with software running on
your computer (Host PC).
